Vulnerabilties:

SMB Signing not required(on port 445/tcp)
Description
Signing is not required on the remote SMB server. 
An unauthenticated, remote attacker can exploit this to conduct man-in-the-middle attacks against the SMB server.

Solution:
Enforce message signing in the host's configuration. 
On Windows,this is found in the policy setting 'Microsoft network server: 
Digitally sign communications (always)'.





SSL Certificate Cannot Be Trusted(on port 8834 / tcp)(this is for nessus' own service and not the devices vulnerabilty
as nmapping this port revealed it to be nessus-xmlrpc service.)
Description
The server's X.509 certificate cannot be trusted. This situation can occur in three different ways, 
in which the chain of trust can be broken, as stated below :

- First, the top of the certificate chain sent by the server might not be descended from a known public certificate authority. 
This can occur either when the top of the chain is an unrecognized, self-signed certificate, 
or when intermediate certificates are missing that would connect the top of the certificate chain to a known public certificate authority.

- Second, the certificate chain may contain a certificate that is not valid at the time of the scan. 
This can occur either when the scan occurs before one of the certificate's 'notBefore' dates, or after one of the certificate's 'notAfter' dates.

- Third, the certificate chain may contain a signature that either didn't match the certificate's information or could not be verified. 
Bad signatures can be fixed by getting the certificate with the bad signature to be re-signed by its issuer. 
Signatures that could not be verified are the result of the certificate's issuer using a signing algorithm that Nessus either does not support or does not recognize.

If the remote host is a public host in production, any break in the chain makes it more difficult for users to verify the authenticity and identity of the web server. 
This could make it easier to carry out man-in-the-middle attacks against the remote host.

Solution:
Purchase or generate a proper SSL certificate for this service.
